
# Intelligent Transport Systems - INDRA Business Model

This page contains the business model generated by INDRA for the solutions and applications identified as a result of the implementation of the use case in the Intelligent Transport Systems domain.INDRA will exploit ENACT results by integrating the ENACT tools and developments achieved during the execution of the project (Use case) into an existing rail traffic control and safety platform.

## Main Contributor

**Partner:** INDRA

**Category:** Industrial

**Type:** IoT Platform and Infrastructure Provider

## Lean Canvas

### Problem

<table>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b>Customer needs, requests and opportunities from the market</b>
    </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p>The current solutions:
   <ul>     
     <li> Lack automatization of control of rolling stock</li>
     <li> Need large and expensive (wired) communication infrastructure</li>
     <li>Offer limited access to information</li>
     <li> Do not offer tracking information of rolling stock</li>
     <li>Inauguraiton of composition is done manually, change also is manual and time consuming</li></ul> </p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b>Existing Alternatives</b> </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p>Train detection systems (TDS) - axle counter and track circuit - , manual (wired) On Board Train Integrity Devices, GSM-R communications… </p>
    </td>
      </tr>
</table>

### Solution

<table>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b>ENACT Result</b>
    </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p>ITS Use Case</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b>Exploitation Form</b> </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p> Product (integration into existing portfolio) </p>
    </td>
      </tr>
    <tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b>IPR Background </b> </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p>Indra's rail traffic control and safety platform allows rail infrastructure operators and managers to performe signaling (autorouting, enhanced safety, PIS, etc), maintenance and logistics activities providing functionalities of data monitoring, orchestrated development, learning operations security threats, actuation conflicts and error source analysis. </p>
    </td>
      </tr>
   <tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b>Description </b> </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p>INDRA will exploit ENACT results by integrating the ENACT tools and developments achieved during the execution of the project (Use case) into an existing rail traffic control and safety platform. The ENACT results will create new value, adding wireless safety and trustable IoT capabilities, V2X and I2I communicaitons. 

This product will provide safety solutions based on IoT infrastructures for enhanced capabilities of Lines, Monitoring, Tracking, Maintenance and Logistic of both Freight, Rolling Stock and track equipment.</p>
    </td>
      </tr>
     <tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b>Type</b> </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p>Propietary Software </p>
    </td>
      </tr>
</table>

### Key Metrics

<table>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b>KPIs</b>
    </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p>
<ul>
  <li> Reduction of costs for maintenance activities %</li>
  <li> Reduction of time for maintenace activities %</li>
  <li>Reduction of installation costs % and operational time%</li>
  <li> Increase line capacity %</li></ul>
</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b>Time To Market / TRL at the end of the project</b> </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p>
 <ul>
<li> MS 1 - Middle of ENACT's lifetime:  Define the IoT Services and testing new technology under development. Up to TRL3.</li>

<li> MS 2 -  End of ENACT: End of the project we expect relevant results validated on a Real Rail Environment </li>

<li> MS 3 -  After end of ENACT (2 years):The solution has been validated and evaluated for inclusion in the Indra InvitalRail product roadmap. If included, technology certificated and ready for commercialization. (inc. Portfolio)</li>

<li> MS 4 -  5 years later: First commercial results, new markets and customers. Standards, interoperability.</li></ul> </p>
    </td>
      </tr>
</table>

### Unique Value Proposition

<table>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b>Value added by the solution</b>
    </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p>Cloud system that will allow the automization of control of rolling stock, access to data, wireless communications (which decrease cost of installation, deployment, maintenance, time while increasing line capacity and location resolution).
- Network Service (access, distribution, transportation)
- Easy to install, configure and deploy
- Decentralized, safe and trustable
- Interoperable and compatible with existing infrastructures </p>
    </td>
  </tr>

</table>

### Customer Segments

<table>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b>Type</b>
    </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p> End User</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
<tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b>Potential Customers</b>
    </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p>Railway infrastructure managers and train operators: Public/private owned companies in charge of the administration of rail infrastructures (incl. Tracks, stations, trains…), managing the traffic, distributing capacity and operation of trains for transport of freight and people.</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b>Segment</b>
    </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p>Transport, Rail</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Channels
<table>
  <tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b>Promotion</b>
    </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p>Relevant sector fairs, exhibitons and congresses; press release; social media and web page; sales and offers department

Membership at Shift2rail (first European Initiative for the Rail Market)

Indra expects to introduce the solution developed in ENACT in its existing portfolio; </p>
    </td>
  </tr>
   <tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b>Distribution</b>
    </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p>Existing channels:  it can be included in the current platforms being commercialized; existing exploitation channels can be used for distribution,including international markets where Indra is present; Existing exploitation channels can be used for distribution</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Cost Structure
<table>
   <tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b> Cost Sources</b>
    </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p>
        <ul>
<li>Rail, RAMS, Architecture, Communications, Management Developers and Managers (Personnel costs)</li>
        
<li>Equipment and SW</li>

<li>Background services</li>

<li>Commercialization</li>

<li>Installation</li></ul>

</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Revenue Streams

<table>
   <tr>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <b> Revenue Sources</b>
    </td>
    <td rowspan="1">
      <p>
  <ul>
<li> Direct sell to new customers (new oportunities and better market positioning)</li>        
<li> Improvement in the margin of operations (existing customers, new customers)</li>
<li >Additional income (greater scope of recruitment, higher added value, projects in other ways)</li></ul>
</p>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
